Minor fixes in easy event source tutorial (#2512)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/samples/writing-event-source-easy-way/README.md

  }
```

> If you are interested in to see what is injected into the event source as a `K_SINK`, you can check the logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in seeing what is injected into the event source as a `K_SINK`, you can check the logs:
```
